Update defer.md (#176)
NilPointer-Software/bdfd-wiki: src/bdscript/defer.md

# $defer

> Defers interactions with components and slash commands.

Reviewer: The function defers the response to that interaction.
```suggestion
Defers response to an interaction from components and slash commands.
```

## Usage
```
$defer
```

### Example

> Sometimes the code we make needs more time to fully execute.
> In normal cases, the bot will just respond to you after a while, but only if it's not an interaction.
> Interactions have a wait timeout of up to 3 seconds.
> But `$defer` changes this timeout to 15 minutes, giving the bot a chance to completely finish executing the code.
> Below is an example of code that will take more than 3 seconds to execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes the code we write needs more time to execute fully.
In normal commands, this isn't a problem, but interactions are different.
Interactions have a 3-second long timeout in which our code needs to respond in.
The `$defer` function solves this by telling Discord to wait a bit longer for our response.
With `$defer` we have 15 minutes to finish executing our code.

This is an example of a code that will take more than 3 seconds to execute.
```
